Renaming work (#161)
nautobot/nautobot-app-bgp-models: docs/user/app_getting_started.md

## First steps with the App

We will now explore the workflows for the two most common BGP App use cases: modeling internal and external peerings. We will showcase how to create each type of peering with the minimum number of steps and inputs required from users.

### Menu Item

> All of the "Add object" actions are available under BGP Models App Menu in the top navigation bar:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the "Add object" actions are available under the Routing menu in the top navigation bar:
```
